feat: update documentation to follow the handle of DWO origin (#13)
ForestAdmin/documentation: reference-guide/how-it-works/environments.md

Once your node server is successfully detected and running with the indicated environment variables, a **Finish** button will appear. Click on it to finalize the creation of your new remote environment.

### Change environment origin

> You can change an origin of an environment to create complexe architecture like (dev => staging => preprod => production).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can change an origin of an environment to create complexe architecture like dev => staging => preprod => production.
```

> All layout will generated based on his parent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All layout will be generated based on its parent.
```

> To do so, click on the enviroment you wish to change the origin and from its details page, select the new origin form _Set Origin_ section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do so, click on the environment you wish to change the origin and from its details page, select the origin form _Set Origin_ section.
```
